---
date: 2023-02
---

- I am currently "on the bench" at work. It means I'm not on a billable project at the moment, because our current projects are fully staffed and we're waiting for other opportunities to make their way through the pipeline and become ready to kick off. I'm not alone, and I don't believe my job is in danger, so I'm okay with it for now. The nice thing about being on the bench is it's giving me time for professional development: I'm studying for some certification in accessibility, and working with some internal initiative groups around accessibility, design systems, and UI engineering.
- My mare Liberty's doing great. I'm riding 3-4 times a week, mostly dressage and occasionally jumping. Actually, only my jump saddle seems to fit her right now, and her thoracic traps seem to be developing better, so it may be time to have the dressage saddle re-evaluated.
- Billie, our rescue pup, has fully settled in. She continues to delight us with her creative sleep postures and love for pruning big sticks. We love watching her enjoy the lake and play with other pups on the beach. She's observant and sensitive, and not food-crazy, which has been making me reconsider and refine my training techniques as a result.
- I'm trying to rebuild this site, again. This time I think I'm going to try to work a bit more in the open, and not wait to have everything perfect before putting it out there. I don't believe anyone's poised and waiting for a grand reveal anyway, so I can plug away in obscurity.
