src/content/pages/colophon.md, before:

---
lede:
  "This, my personal website (like so many developer projects) is under constant
  iteration and never seems to be complete. Here are some technical details and
  general nerdery about this website."
---

## Design

The completely responsive design is entirely my own, handcrafted within the
browser, amid excruciating indecision and paralyzing doubt.

Tech logos in the "logo soup" are from <a href="https://simpleicons.org">Simple
Icons</a>. [<a href="https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/pull/1698">I
contributed</a> the original Eleventy one!] All other icons are from the
<a href="https://www.svgrepo.com/collection/arcticons-thin-line-icons/">Arcticons</a>
collection on <a href="https://www.svgrepo.com/">SVG Repo</a>.

The site logo is a simple 5-set Venn diagram, because I love Venn diagrams,
pentameric design, rotational symmetry, ellipses, and the intersections and
unions of my diverse and nerdy interests.

## Typography

Body type is set in **Latina Essential Light**, by
<a href="http://www.latinotype.com">Latinotype</a>, which has a soft, rounded
character that I love. I had previously paired it with a rounded serif font for
headings, but those have become way too trendy, and I recently decided I didn't
love the one I had been using. I've since switched to <b>Latina Essential
Heavy</b>, not just to stick within the font family, but mostly because it
reminds me so much of the block letters I used to use for headings in my
notebooks growing up, complete with fun angles. [And those oblong tittles are
too adorable!] The script in the logotype is my own handwriting.

## Development & Deployment

The current iteration is built with <a href="https://astro.build">Astro</a>,
because I'm a fan of straightforward static site generators, and this one gives
me everything where and how I want it. The accessible, semantic,
standards-compliant HTML and CSS was hand-coded in
<a href="https://code.visualstudio.com/">VS Code</a>. Images are hosted on
<a href="https://cloudinary.com">Cloudinary</a> and some data is hosted on
<a href="https://sanity.io">Sanity</a>. The repository is hosted on
<a href="https://github.com/svillegascreative/svillegas-astro">Github</a>, and
deployed with <a href="https://netlify.com">Netlify</a>. Isn't the JAMstack fun?

## Accessibility

Accessibility and inclusivity have been a top priority throughout the
development of this site, so I try to follow web standards and best practices,
to write semantic and valid HTML, progressively styled and enhanced. Care has
been taken to ensure type contrast levels meeting at least
<a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/">WCAG 2.1</a> AA specifications, and
ensure the entire website is usable via keyboard and assistive technologies.

Commit message:

tweak type scale with Utopia

src/content/pages/colophon.md, after:

---
lede:
  "This, my personal website (like so many developer projects) is under constant
  iteration and never seems to be complete. Here are some technical details and
  general nerdery about this website."
---

## Design

The completely responsive design is entirely my own, handcrafted within the
browser, amid excruciating indecision and paralyzing doubt.

Tech logos in the "logo soup" are from <a href="https://simpleicons.org">Simple
Icons</a>. [<a href="https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/pull/1698">I
contributed</a> the original Eleventy one!] All other icons are from the
<a href="https://www.svgrepo.com/collection/arcticons-thin-line-icons/">Arcticons</a>
collection on <a href="https://www.svgrepo.com/">SVG Repo</a>.

The site logo is a simple 5-set Venn diagram, because I love Venn diagrams,
pentameric design, rotational symmetry, ellipses, and the intersections and
unions of my diverse and nerdy interests.

## Typography

Body type is set in **Latina Essential Light**, by
<a href="http://www.latinotype.com">Latinotype</a>, which has a soft, rounded
character that I love. I had previously paired it with a rounded serif font for
headings, but those have become way too trendy, and I recently decided I didn't
love the one I had been using. I've since switched to <b>Latina Essential
Heavy</b>, not just to stick within the font family, but mostly because it
reminds me so much of the block letters I used to use for headings in my
notebooks growing up, complete with fun angles. [And those oblong tittles are
too adorable!] The script in the logotype is my own handwriting. Font scaling
was handled with <a href="https://utopia.fyi">Utopia</a>.

## Development & Deployment

The current iteration is built with <a href="https://astro.build">Astro</a>,
because I'm a fan of straightforward static site generators, and this one gives
me everything where and how I want it. The accessible, semantic,
standards-compliant HTML and CSS was hand-coded in
<a href="https://code.visualstudio.com/">VS Code</a>. Images are hosted on
<a href="https://cloudinary.com">Cloudinary</a> and some data is hosted on
<a href="https://sanity.io">Sanity</a>. The repository is hosted on
<a href="https://github.com/svillegascreative/svillegas-astro">Github</a>, and
deployed with <a href="https://netlify.com">Netlify</a>. Isn't the JAMstack fun?

## Accessibility

Accessibility and inclusivity have been a top priority throughout the
development of this site, so I try to follow web standards and best practices,
to write semantic and valid HTML, progressively styled and enhanced. Care has
been taken to ensure type contrast levels meeting at least
<a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/">WCAG 2.1</a> AA specifications, and
ensure the entire website is usable via keyboard and assistive technologies.
